---
permalink: /artistbio/
title: "Artist Bio"
---

   Nouf Ahmed Alnuaimi is an Emirati senior majoring in Interactive Media with a minor in Social Research and Public Policy at NYUAD. Her interests revolve around the convergence of societal phenomena, culture, and technology, with a keen interest in exploring the influence of technology on these domains. Nouf dedicated two consecutive summers working with NYUAD professors: one specializing in Digital Humanities and the other in Visual Arts. This crucial experience allowed her to delve into the multifaceted potentials and repercussions that media and art bring to various subjects. Furthermore, Nouf honed her communication skills during these roles, extending her responsibilities beyond digital mapping and computer analysis. She took on the role of a mentor for interns and conducted interviews with subjects as part of her research initiatives.

   From a very young age, Nouf has always been deeply passionate about building things with her hands, from taking apart toys to study their circuits and microchips to building miniature houses and furniture out of wood sticks, she has always found solace in these activities. This morphed into her character today where she spends her free time keeping up with the new developments in the Interactive Media world alongside the implications of Social Sciences in those topics with a particular focus on the ever-evolving landscape of Digital Humanities.

   In order to hone in on her skills and interests, Nouf has taken courses covering a wide range of subjects, including circuit building and robotics, game design and UI, post-production work, media and communications, and most notably, classes on the fundamentals of interactive art. In addition to the technical and media-related disciplines, Nouf has also ventured into the realm of anthropology and ethnography, in order to deepen her knowledge of human cultures and societies in order to produce more efficient projects. 


# Artist Statement 
   I hold the belief that art should be accessible to all. I find great joy in the sense of relatability it can offer and the boundless interpretations it encourages. I am particularly infatuated by the way immersive experiences can transport us to alternate realms, offering a truly unique and transformative encounter. The flexibility of art in conveying messages through countless means fascinates me, and I deeply appreciate how it respects and values each individual's subjectivity.

   As a creative, I've come to understand the significance of creating art that resonates with a broad spectrum of people, going beyond individual interpretations. Throughout my creative journey, I have consistently leaned towards incorporating physical, interactive components into my work. Constructing pieces that encourage the audience to immerse themselves in a sensory experience and actively participate in the art has grown to be a significant focus of my artistic pursuits. 

   My inspiration often stems from the fusion of aesthetics and functionality, where art meets practicality, and form marries function. This synthesis manifests in the physicality of my installations, allowing the audience to touch, feel, and immerse themselves in the sensory journey I've curated. I view art as a dynamic conversation between the creator and the audience, where everyone is invited to contribute their own perspectives and emotions.

   At its essence, I firmly believe that art should provide an inclusive and welcoming experience that allows everyone to connect with it on some level, irrespective of their immediate affinity with the piece. In homage to the youthful passion I harbored for hands-on craftsmanship, I am committed to crafting projects that incorporate personally built, physical elements. Furthermore, drawing from my background in sociology, I am consistently drawn to projects that aspire to convey broader social and cultural narratives, often integrating communal interactions to underscore the collective significance of these stories.
