---
title: "Week 3"
date: 2023-09-19
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Weekly
  - update
---
# Important Questions to Consider

## Audience/type of installation

   We envision our installation as an immersive experience, ideally set within a confined space, such as a small room, with sand covering the floor. Our preference is for the installation to accommodate multiple people simultaneously, fostering a sense of community. This approach is intended to prevent the project from feeling boring or prolonged, providing an engaging and communal experience for all participants.

## What are the takeaways we hope for the audience to have?

   Our aspiration is for visitors to depart from our installation with a more nuanced and profound comprehension of the Emirati girl's experience. We aim not only for them to grasp our customs and way of life but also to forge an emotional connection by recognizing shared themes of maturation, identity, and belonging. Ultimately, our objective is to convey that beneath cultural customs and societal expectations, the essence of girlhood—with its challenges, aspirations, and desires—is universally relatable.

## What specific aspects do we want to showcase/ highlight?

   Given that our project delves into a usually hidden aspect of the female experience in the UAE, our objective aims to illuminate these aspects. By doing so, we hope to enhance accessibility and inclusivity, enabling those outside the Emirati context to better understand and empathize with the unique journey of growing up in the UAE. Additionally, we also want to explore how modernity and tradition coexist in the lives of Emirati women, showcasing the blend of outside influences with longstanding traditions. The installation aims to uncover various aspects of Emirati women's lives, such as friendships, family dynamics, education, and personal goals. Our hope is to create an atmosphere of understanding, allowing others to feel connected to our story.